in this project there are 306 folders which are named after the company name in English and Japanese. Each folder has some file that contains information about the company. your task is to read the files and extract the information and put it in a json format, the format is given in the json-structure.md file. You will get mostly concrete data but some data may be missing or no available keep those as null. but for some field like company_domains you will have to figure out domain based on your understanding of the company and its services. Normalize domain names so that we don't have different names for same domain. You will go through each folder and read the files and extract the information and put it in the json format as specified in json-structure.md file. remember all company information should be in one json file. you wil read one folder and update the json. after you complete all 306 companies you will have a json file with all the company information in the specified format. our output file name is company-data.json. remember I don't want you to create script to read the files and extract the information I want you to read each file and extract the information manually and put it in the json file. also remember to check the json format after every 5 companies to make sure that the data is properly formatted. you can use any json validator or write a script to check the format. once you have completed all 306 companies you will have a complete json file with all the company information in the specified format. Also to track your progress you can create a checklist of all the companies and mark them as done once you have completed them. This will help you keep track of which companies you have completed and which ones are still pending. Remember to take breaks and not to rush through the process to ensure that the data is accurate and properly formatted. Good luck with your task!
